[DOC] Updates the TEDPCA section following changes in tedana v0.0.8 (#551)
ME-ICA/tedana: docs/approach.rst

.. image:: /_static/a11_pca_component_timeseries.png

These components are subjected to component selection, the specifics of which
vary according to algorithm. Speficically, ``tedana`` offers two different approaches that perform this step.

> The default approach (the `mdl` option for `--tedpca`) is based on a Moving Average (stationary Gaussian) process

Reviewer: This _isn't_ just the `mdl` option, though.

proposed by `Li et al (2007)`_. A moving average process is the output of a linear system (which in this case is

> a smoothing filter) that has an i.i.d. Gaussian process as the input. If we assume that the linear system is shift

Reviewer 2: Could we clarify what i.i.d. is here?

Author: Sure, I’ll use the complete name. Thanks for the feedback! 🙌🏻

invariant, the moving average process is a stationary Gaussian random process. Simply put, this process more optimally
selects the number of components for fMRI data following a subsampling scheme described in `Li et al (2007)`_. The
selection of components is performed with either of the three options provided by `--tedpca`:

> * `aic`: the Akaike Information Criterion, which is the least aggresive option; i.e. returns the biggest amount of components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `aic`: the Akaike Information Criterion, which is the least aggressive option; i.e., returns the largest number of components.
```
